make visible text content definition objective (#1419)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/visible-label-in-accessible-name-2ee8b8.md

## Expectation

> All [text nodes][] in the [visible text content][] of each target element matches, or is contained within the [accessible name][] of the target element, except for [text nodes][] contains [non-text content][]. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each [text node][] in the [visible text content][] of each target element matches, or is contained within, the [accessible name][] of this target element, except for [text nodes][] containing [non-text content][]. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.
```
Maybe even un-nesting a bit to avoid the "except":
```suggestion
Each [text node][] that is in the [visible text content][] of each target element and does not contain [non-text content][] matches, or is contained within, the [accessible name][] of the target element. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.
```

Author: I think it's better to use the word "except" to be clear something is an exception, rather then use "or" to chain two conditions together.

> All [text nodes][] in the [visible text content][] of each target element matches, or is contained within the [accessible name][] of the target element, except for characters used to express [non-text content][]. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each [text nodes][] in the [visible text content][] of each target element matches, or is contained within the [accessible name][] of this target element, except for characters used to express [non-text content][]. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.
```

Author: Subtle but (IMO) important distinction here. The expectation applies to **each** applicable element, but within that element, **all** text nodes have to meet the condition or follow the exception.

Reviewer: The question is whether we want:
* each individual text node matches or is contained.
* all text nodes, grouped together in one single thingie, match or are contained.

I am not sure what it means for "all test nodes" to match a string. We need to somehow gather "all text nodes" into a single stuff that can match the string. Is it concatenation in tree order? And then, the trimming of whitespace, does it occur before or after gathering all text nodes into a single thingie?

Maybe we want to call in @EmmaJP 😄

Author: I've tried to adjust the order of the wording. Hope that helps clarify it.

> For each target element, all [text nodes][] in the [visible text content][] either matches or is contained within the [accessible name][] of this target element, except for characters in the [text nodes][] used to express [non-text content][]. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be plurar_ I am assuming we mean all of the text nodes in the visible text content either matching or being contained in the accessible name.

```suggestion
For each target element, all [text nodes][] in the [visible text content][] either match or are contained within the [accessible name][] of this target element, except for characters in the [text nodes][] used to express [non-text content][]. Leading and trailing [whitespace][] and difference in case sensitivity should be ignored.
```
